madam
Madam, you are so beautiful today, hurry up
Why is my husband so elegant today?
Why didn't you eat enough rotten eggs today?
That's not it.
Husband, you won't hold a grudge against me, will you?
Ah no no no
Madam, as the saying goes, beating is kissing, scolding is love
How dare I hold a grudge against the lady?
It was my fault before
Madam, I'll punish myself with a drink
Don't worry ma'am
From now on, I will definitely give up on you
Please don't worry about it, ma'am.
If I can trust you, you'll be damned
Husband, let's be husband and wife
Why are you being polite to me?
madam
You really forgot about your wedding day
OK
Uh-huh.
madam
I asked my daughter to make this especially for you
Refreshing decoction
Have a drink